update pyproject readme docs (#5158)
python-poetry/poetry: docs/pyproject.md

## readme

The path to the readme file of the package. **Optional**

The file should be in either Markdown (.md) or reStructuredText (.rst)
format. The path is relative to the directory containing the
`pyproject.toml`.

The file contents becomes the
[Description field](https://packaging.python.org/en/latest/specifications/core-metadata/#description-optional)
in a PyPI build (similar to `long_description` in setuptools).

```toml
[tool.poetry]
# ...

> readme = "./README.md"

Reviewer: I don't think we need `./` prefix. It is unnecessary, as it points to the same directory and can be confusing.

Author: okay np I fixed that, looks better now

## readme

> The path, or array of paths, to the readme file(s) of the package. **Optional**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A path, or list of paths corresponding to the README file(s) of the package. **Optional**
```

> The file can be any format, but if you intend to publish to PyPI keep the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The file(s) can be of any format, but if you intend to publish to PyPI keep the
```

[recommendations for a PyPI-friendly README](
https://packaging.python.org/en/latest/guides/making-a-pypi-friendly-readme/)

> in mind. The path is relative to the directory containing the `pyproject.toml`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
in mind. README paths are implicitly relative to `pyproject.toml`.
```

> The file contents becomes the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The contents of the README file(s) are used to populate the
```

[Description field](https://packaging.python.org/en/latest/specifications/core-metadata/#description-optional)

> of your distribution's metadata (similar to `long_description` in setuptools). When specifying multiple files are specified, they are concatenated with newlines.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
of your distribution's metadata (similar to `long_description` in setuptools). When multiple files are specified they are concatenated with newlines.
```

Reviewer 2: My bad on the suggestions here :)

Author: np I had fixed this locally, it's now updated along with column wrap

## readme

The path, or array of paths, to the readme file(s) of the package. **Optional**

> The file should be in either Markdown (.md) or reStructuredText (.rst)

Reviewer: As #5357 is already present, this is no longer true. Somehow adding this to docs here was missed. Could you add this, please?

Author: oh nice, yes I will add that

Author: okay that's added now
